Herbalist is a Perceptive Explorer who Lives In The Wilderness with a Skills And
Knowledge Flavor in a Historical world
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Might:     ______ Pool: 13 Edge: 1 Defense: Practiced
Speed:     ______ Pool: 13 Edge: 0 Defense: Trained
Intellect: ______ Pool: 13 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Initiative: Practiced

Effort: 1
Armor: 0
Experience Points: 0
        Alt Experience Points: 0

Recovery Roll: 1d6+1
	Rested > 1 Action > 10 Minutes > 1 Hour > 10 Hours

Damage Track:
	Hale > Impaired > Debilitated


Special Abilities
-----------------

Enhanced might
	You gain 3 points to your Might Pool. Enabler.

Trained without armor
	You are trained in Speed defense tasks when not wearing armor. Enabler.


Skills
------

Climbing (Trained)

Cooking (Trained)

Finding or noticing small details (Trained)
	You have an eye for detail. You are trained in any task that involves
	finding or noticing small details.

Foraging (Trained)

Geography (Trained)

Herbal remedies (Trained)

Identifying creatures (Trained)

Identifying objects or calling to mind a minor detail or bit of trivia (Trained)
	You know a little about everything. You are trained in any task that
	involves identifying objects or calling to mind a minor detail or bit of
	trivia.

Identifying plants (Trained)

Intimidating another creature (Trained)
	Your skill at making deductions can be imposing. You are trained in any
	task that involves intimidating another creature.

Swimming (Trained)

Light weapons (Practiced)
	Light Weapons

Medium weapons (Practiced)
	Medium Weapons

Heavy weapons (Inability)
	Heavy Weapons

Positive social interactions (Inability)
	Your confidence comes off as arrogance to people who don't know you. Any
	task involving positive social interactions is hindered.


Attacks
-------

Medium Weapon
	A medium might attack doing 4 damage.
	A medium weapon of your choice. Granted from Starting Equipment.

Punch
	A light might attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A right jab.

Stone Knife
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.

Cyphers
-------
Limit: 2

Death Bringer (Level 3, Manifest)
	For the next minute, when the user strikes an NPC or creature of the
	cypher level or lower, they can choose to make a second attack roll. If
	the second attack roll is a success, the target is killed. If the target
	is a PC, the character instead moves down one step on the damage track.

Fireproofing (Level 5, Manifest)
	A nonliving object treated by this cypher has Armor against fire damage
	equal to the cypher's level for one day.


Equipment
---------
Money: 0

- You have a bag of light tools. Granted from Perceptive.
- Poisons

Advancements
------------
Tier: 1

[ ] Increase Capabilities
[ ] Move Toward Perfections
[ ] Extra Effort
[ ] Skill Training
[ ] Other


Background
----------
Explorer
You are a person of action and physical ability, fearlessly facing the unknown.
You travel to strange, exotic, and dangerous places, and discover new things.
This means you're physical but also probably knowledgeable. Although Explorers
can be academics or well studied, they are first and foremost interested in
action. They face grave dangers and terrible obstacles as a routine part of
life.

Perceptive
You miss little. You pick out the small details in the world around you and are
skilled at making deductions from the information you find. Your talents make
you an exceptional sleuth, a formidable scientist, or a talented scout.

As adept as you are at finding clues, you have no skill at picking up on social
cues. You overlook an offense that your deductions give or how uncomfortable
your scrutiny can make the people around you. You tend to dismiss others as
being intellectual dwarfs compared to you, which avails you little when you need
a favor.

Lives In The Wilderness
You can survive in badlands where others perish.

Background Connection
---------------------


Focus Connection
----------------


Notes
-----

Possible player intrusions based on your character type:
Fortuitous Malfunction
A trap or a dangerous device malfunctions before it can affect you.

Serendipitous Landmark
Just when it seems like the path is lost (or you are), a trail marker, a
landmark, or simply the way the terrain or corridor bends, rises, or falls away
suggests to you the best path forward, at least from this point.

Weak Strain
The poison or disease turns out not to be as debilitating or deadly as it first
seemed, and inflicts only half the damage that it would have otherwise.

Smart
+2 to your Intellect Pool.
Granted from Perceptive

Possible GM intrusion from your focus:
People in cities and towns sometimes disparage those who look (and smell) like
they live in the wilds, as if they were ignorant or barbaric.
