Lore Keeper is a Virtuous Speaker who Learns Quickly with a Skills And Knowledge
Flavor in a Historical world
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Might:     ______ Pool: 11 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Speed:     ______ Pool: 11 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Intellect: ______ Pool: 17 Edge: 1 Defense: Trained
Initiative: Practiced

Effort: 1
Armor: 0
Experience Points: 0
        Alt Experience Points: 0

Recovery Roll: 1d6+1
	Rested > 1 Action > 10 Minutes > 1 Hour > 10 Hours

Damage Track:
	Hale > Impaired > Debilitated


Special Abilities
-----------------

Enhanced intellect
	You gain 3 points to your Intellect Pool. Enabler.

There's your problem
	You are trained in tasks related to figuring out how to solve problems
	with multiple solutions (like the best way to pack a truck, calm an
	enraged customer, give a cat a shot of insulin, or find a route through
	the city for maximum speed). Enabler.

Fast talk
	Costs 1 Intellect point
	When speaking with an intelligent creature who can understand you and
	isn't hostile, you convince that creature to take one reasonable action
	in the next round. A reasonable action must be agreed upon by the GM; it
	should not put the creature or its allies in obvious danger or be wildly
	out of character. Action.

Anecdote
	Costs 2 Intellect points
	You can lift the spirits of a group of creatures and help them bond
	together by entertaining them with an uplifting or pointed anecdote. For
	the next hour, those who pay attention to your story are trained in a
	task you choose that's related to the anecdote, as long as it's not an
	attack or defense task. Action to initiate, one minute to complete.


Skills
------

Discerning people's true motives or seeing through lies (Trained)
	You are trained in discerning people's true motives or seeing through
	lies.

Geography (Trained)

History (Trained)

Intellect defense tasks (Trained)
	Your adherence to a strict moral code has hardened your mind against
	fear, doubt, and outside influence. You are trained in Intellect defense
	tasks.

Persuading (Trained)

Seeing through deception (Trained)

Light weapons (Practiced)
	Light Weapons

Heavy weapons (Inability)
	Heavy Weapons

Medium weapons (Inability)
	Medium Weapons


Attacks
-------

Fast Punch
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A lightning left jab.

Stone Knife
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A light weapon of your choice. Granted from Starting Equipment.

Cyphers
-------
Limit: 2

Equipment Cache (Level 5, Manifest)
	The user can rummage around and produce from the cypher a desired piece
	of equipment (not an artifact) whose level does not exceed the cypher's
	level. The piece of equipment persists for up to one day, unless its
	fundamental nature allows only a single use (such as with a grenade).

Gas Bomb (Level 7, Manifest)
	Thrown a short distance, this bursts in a poisonous cloud within an
	immediate area. The cloud lingers for 1d6 rounds unless conditions
	dictate otherwise. Roll a d100 to determine the effect.
	Rolled a 94. Sleep gas: living creatures that breathe fall asleep for a
	number of rounds equal to the cypher's level or until awoken by a
	violent action or an extremely loud noise.


Equipment
---------
Money: 0

- 

Advancements
------------
Tier: 1

[ ] Increase Capabilities
[ ] Move Toward Perfections
[ ] Extra Effort
[ ] Skill Training
[ ] Other


Background
----------
Speaker
You're good with words and good with people. You talk your way past challenges
and out of jams, and you get people to do what you want. Speakers are smart and
charismatic. They like people and, more important, they understand them. This
helps speakers get others to do what needs to be done.

Virtuous
Doing the right thing is a way of life. You live by a code, and that code is
something you attend to every day. Whenever you slip, you reproach yourself for
your weakness and then get right back on track. Your code probably includes
moderation, respect for others, cleanliness, and other characteristics that most
people would agree are virtues, while you eschew their opposites: sloth, greed,
gluttony, and so on.

Learns Quickly
You deal with bad situations as they arise, learning new lessons each time.

Background Connection
---------------------


Focus Connection
----------------


Notes
-----

Possible player intrusions based on your character type:
Friendly NPC
An NPC you don't know, someone you don't know that well, or someone you know but
who hasn't been particularly friendly in the past chooses to help you, though
doesn't necessarily explain why. Maybe they'll ask you for a favor in return
afterward, depending on how much trouble they go to.

Perfect Suggestion
A follower or other already-friendly NPC suggests a course of action with regard
to an urgent question, problem, or obstacle you're facing.

Unexpected Gift
An NPC hands you a physical gift you were not expecting, one that helps put the
situation at ease if things seem strained, or provides you with a new insight
for understanding the context of the situation if there's something you're
failing to understand or grasp.

Dauntless
+2 to your Might Pool.
Granted from Virtuous

Possible GM intrusion from your focus:
Accidents and mistakes are great teachers.
