Scavenger/Crafter is a Weird Explorer who Crafts Unique Objects with a
Technology Flavor in a Historical world
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Might:     ______ Pool: 12 Edge: 1 Defense: Practiced
Speed:     ______ Pool: 13 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Intellect: ______ Pool: 11 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Initiative: Practiced

Effort: 1
Armor: 1
Experience Points: 0
        Alt Experience Points: 0

Recovery Roll: 1d6+1
	Rested > 1 Action > 10 Minutes > 1 Hour > 10 Hours

Damage Track:
	Hale > Impaired > Debilitated


Special Abilities
-----------------

Master identifier
	You are trained in identifying the function of any kind of device.
	Enabler.

Practiced in armor
	You can wear armor for long periods of time without tiring and can
	compensate for slowed reactions from wearing armor. You reduce the Speed
	cost for wearing armor by 1. You start the game with a type of armor of
	your choice. Enabler.

Practiced with all weapons
	You become practiced with light, medium, and heavy weapons and suffer no
	penalty when using any kind of weapon. Enabler.

Tinker
	Costs 1 Intellect point
	You make a device do something different from its original purpose. For
	example, a blaster becomes a bomb. A scanner becomes a signal booster
	for a radio transmitter. A music player becomes a battery for another
	device. The effective level of the modified device is 1 lower than
	normal, and the device is rendered unusable (for its original purpose)
	until repaired. Action to initiate.

Block
	Costs 3 Speed points
	You automatically block the next melee attack made against you within
	the next minute. Action to initiate.

A sense for the weird
	Sometimes-at the GM's discretion-weird things relating to the
	supernatural or its effects on the world seem to call out to you. You
	can sense them from afar, and if you get within long range of such a
	thing, you can sense whether it is overtly dangerous or not.

Distinctive physical quirk
	You have a unique physical aspect that is, well, bizarre. Depending on
	the setting, this can vary greatly. You might have purple hair or metal
	spikes on your head. Perhaps your hands don't connect to your arms,
	although they move as if they do. Maybe a third eye stares out from the
	side of your head, or superfluous tendrils grow from your back. Whatever
	it is, your quirk might be a mutation, a supernatural trait (a blessing
	or curse), a feature with no explanation, or just a really wild tattoo
	that draws a lot of attention.


Skills
------

Stonework (Trained)

Supernatural knowledge (Trained)
	You are trained in supernatural knowledge.

Woodwork (Trained)

Heavy weapons (Practiced)
	Heavy Weapons

Light weapons (Practiced)
	Light Weapons

Medium weapons (Practiced)
	Medium Weapons

Pleasant social interaction (Inability)
	People find you unnerving. All tasks relating to pleasant social
	interaction are hindered.


Attacks
-------

Stone Knife
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A light weapon of your choice. Granted from Starting Equipment.

Punch
	A light might attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A right jab.

Bone Club
	A medium might attack doing 4 damage at short distance.

Cyphers
-------
Limit: 2

Disarm (Level 6, Subtle)
	One NPC within immediate range whose level is lower than the cypher
	level drops whatever they are holding.

Mind Stabilizer (Level 5, Subtle)
	The user gains +5 to Armor against Intellect damage.


Equipment
---------
Money: 0

- Light Leathers

Advancements
------------
Tier: 1

[ ] Increase Capabilities
[ ] Move Toward Perfections
[ ] Extra Effort
[ ] Skill Training
[ ] Other


Background
----------
Explorer
You are a person of action and physical ability, fearlessly facing the unknown.
You travel to strange, exotic, and dangerous places, and discover new things.
This means you're physical but also probably knowledgeable. Although Explorers
can be academics or well studied, they are first and foremost interested in
action. They face grave dangers and terrible obstacles as a routine part of
life.

Weird
You aren't like anyone else, and that's fine with you. People don't seem to
understand you-they even seem put off by you-but who cares? You understand the
world better than they do because you're weird, and so is the world you live in.
The concept of "the weird" is well known to you. Strange devices, ancient
locales, bizarre creatures, storms that can transform you, living energy fields,
conspiracies, aliens, and things most people can't even name populate the world,
and you thrive on them. You have a special attachment to it all, and the more
you discover about the weirdness in the world, the more you might discover about
yourself.

Weird characters might be mutants or people born with strange qualities, but
sometimes they started out "normal" and adopted the weird by choice.

Crafts Unique Objects
You're an inventor of strange and useful objects.

Background Connection
---------------------


Focus Connection
----------------


Notes
-----

Possible player intrusions based on your character type:
Fortuitous Malfunction
A trap or a dangerous device malfunctions before it can affect you.

Serendipitous Landmark
Just when it seems like the path is lost (or you are), a trail marker, a
landmark, or simply the way the terrain or corridor bends, rises, or falls away
suggests to you the best path forward, at least from this point.

Weak Strain
The poison or disease turns out not to be as debilitating or deadly as it first
seemed, and inflicts only half the damage that it would have otherwise.

Inner Light
+2 to your Intellect Pool.
Granted from Weird

Possible GM intrusion from your focus:
The object malfunctions, breaks, or suffers catastrophic or unexpected failure.
