Shaman is a Empathic Adept who Shepherds Spirits with a Magic Flavor in a Any
world
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Might:     ______ Pool: 10 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Speed:     ______ Pool: 10 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Intellect: ______ Pool: 18 Edge: 1 Defense: Practiced
Initiative: Practiced

Effort: 1
Armor: 0
Experience Points: 0
        Alt Experience Points: 0

Recovery Roll: 1d6+1
	Rested > 1 Action > 10 Minutes > 1 Hour > 10 Hours

Damage Track:
	Hale > Impaired > Debilitated


Special Abilities
-----------------

Blessing of the gods
	As a servant of the gods, you can call up blessings in their name. This
	blessing depends on the god's general demeanor and area of influence.
	
	* Benevolence/Righteousness/Spirit (2+ Intellect points). 
	One level 1 demon, spirit, or similar creature within short range is
	destroyed or banished. In addition to the normal options for using
	Effort, you can choose to use Effort to increase the maximum level of
	the target. Thus, to destroy or banish a level 5 target (four levels
	above the normal limit), you must apply four levels of Effort. Action.
	
	* Nature/Animals/Plants. You are trained in botany and handling natural
	animals. Enabler.

Closed mind
	You are trained in Intellect defense tasks and have +2 Armor against
	damage that selectively targets your Intellect Pool (which normally
	ignores Armor). Enabler.

Mental link
	Costs 1+ Intellect point
	You open a pathway to another creature's mind via a light touch, which
	allows you to transmit thoughts and images to each other. The mental
	link remains regardless of distance and lasts for one hour. In addition
	to the normal options for using Effort, you can choose to use Effort to
	extend the duration by one hour for each level of Effort applied. Action
	to initiate.

Premonition
	Costs 2 Intellect points
	You learn one random fact about a creature or location that is pertinent
	to a topic you designate. Alternatively, you can choose to learn a
	creature's level; however, if you do so, you cannot learn anything else
	about it later with this ability. Action.

Question the spirits
	Costs 2 Intellect points
	You can call a spirit to you and petition it to answer a few questions
	(usually no more than three before the spirit fades). First, you must
	summon a spirit. If it is a spirit of the dead, you must have personally
	known the creature, have an object that was owned by the creature, or
	touch the physical remains of the creature. For other spirits, you must
	know the spirit's full name or have a great deal of an element (such as
	fire or earth) that the spirit is associated with. If the spirit
	responds, it can manifest as an insubstantial shade that answers for
	itself, it can inhabit an object or any remains you provide, or it can
	manifest as an invisible presence that you speak for. The spirit may not
	wish to answer your questions, in which case you must persuade it to
	help. You can attempt to psychically wrestle the spirit into submission
	(an Intellect task), or you can try diplomacy, deception, or blackmail
	("Answer me, or I'll tell your children that you were a philanderer" or
	"I'll destroy this relic that belonged to you"). The GM determines what
	the spirit might know, based on the knowledge it possessed in life.
	Action to initiate.


Skills
------

Sensing other emotions, discerning dispositions, and getting a hunch about
people around you (Trained)
	You're trained in tasks involving sensing other emotions, discerning
	dispositions, and getting a hunch about people around you.

Social interaction, pleasant or otherwise (Trained)
	You're trained in all tasks involving social interaction, pleasant or
	otherwise.

Light weapons (Practiced)
	Light Weapons

Heavy weapons (Inability)
	Heavy Weapons

Intellect defense rolls (Inability)
	Being so receptive to others' thoughts and moods makes you vulnerable to
	anything that attacks your mind. Intellect defense rolls are hindered.

Medium weapons (Inability)
	Medium Weapons


Attacks
-------

Fast Punch
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A lightning left jab.

Staff
	A doing 2 damage.

Cyphers
-------
Limit: 3

Effort Enhancer (Combat) (Level 4, Subtle)
	For the next hour, the user can apply one free level of Effort to any
	task (including a combat task) without spending points from a Pool. The
	free level of Effort provided by this cypher does not count toward the
	maximum amount of Effort a character can normally apply to one task.
	Once this free level of Effort is used, the effect of the cypher ends.

Intelligence Enhancement (Level 4, Subtle)
	All of the user's tasks involving intelligent deduction-such as playing
	chess, inferring a connection between clues, solving a mathematical
	problem, finding a bug in computer code, and so on-are eased by two
	steps for one hour. In the subsequent hour, the strain hinders the same
	tasks by two steps.

Tissue Regeneration (Level 5, Subtle)
	For the next hour, the user regains 1 point lost to damage per round, up
	to a total number of points equal to twice the cypher's level. As each
	point is regained, they choose which Pool to add it to. If all their
	Pools are at maximum, the regeneration pauses until they take more
	damage, at which point it begins again (if any time remains in the hour)
	until the duration expires. (A tissue regeneration cypher can be used to
	regenerate a lost appendage (an arm, a foot, a leg, and so on) or to
	repair scar tissue from burns and other tissue-related disfigurements.
	If the cypher is used in this fashion, it restores only 1d6 points over
	the hour duration.)


Equipment
---------
Money: 0

- 

Advancements
------------
Tier: 1

[ ] Increase Capabilities
[ ] Move Toward Perfections
[ ] Extra Effort
[ ] Skill Training
[ ] Other


Background
----------
Adept
You master powers or abilities outside the experience, understanding, and
sometimes belief of others. They might be magic, psychic powers, mutant
abilities, or just a wide variety of intricate devices, depending on the
setting. Adepts are usually thoughtful, intelligent types. They often think
carefully before acting and rely heavily on their supernatural abilities.
(“Magic” here is a term used very loosely. It's a catch-all for the kinds of
wondrous, possibly supernatural things that your character can do that others
cannot. It might actually be an expression of technological devices, channeling
spirits, mutations, psionics, nanotechnology, or any number of other sources.)

Empathic
Other people are open books to you. You may have a knack for reading a person's
tells, those subtle movements that convey an individual's mood and disposition.
Or you may receive information in a more direct way, feeling a person's emotions
as if they were tangible things, sensations that lightly brush against your
mind. Your gift for empathy helps you navigate social situations and control
them to avoid misunderstandings and prevent useless conflicts from erupting.

The constant bombardment of emotions from those around you likely takes a toll.
You might move with the prevailing mood, swinging from giddy happiness to bitter
sorrow with little warning. Or you might close yourself off and remain
inscrutable to others out of a sense of self-preservation or an unconscious fear
that everyone else might learn how you truly feel.

Shepherds Spirits
Wandering souls, nature spirits, and elemental beings aid and support you.

Background Connection
---------------------


Focus Connection
----------------


Notes
-----

Possible player intrusions based on your character type:
Advantageous Malfunction
A device being used against you malfunctions. It might harm the user or one of
their allies for a round, or activate a dramatic and distracting side effect for
a few rounds.

Convenient Idea
A flash of insight provides you with a clear answer or suggests a course of
action with regard to an urgent question, problem, or obstacle you're facing.

Inexplicably Unbroken
An inactive, ruined, or presumed-destroyed device temporarily activates and
performs a useful function relevant to the situation. This is enough to buy you
some time for a better solution, alleviate a complication that was interfering
with your abilities, or just get you one more use out of a depleted cypher or
artifact.

Open Mind
+4 to your Intellect Pool.
Granted from Empathic

Possible GM intrusion from your focus:
Some people don't trust those who deal with spirits. The dead sometimes don't
want shepherding.
