Tracker is a Rugged Explorer who Hunts with a Stealth Flavor in a Historical
world
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Might:     ______ Pool: 10 Edge: 1 Defense: Practiced
Speed:     ______ Pool: 12 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Intellect: ______ Pool: 12 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Initiative: Practiced

Effort: 1
Armor: 1
Experience Points: 0
        Alt Experience Points: 0

Recovery Roll: 1d6+1
	Rested > 1 Action > 10 Minutes > 1 Hour > 10 Hours

Damage Track:
	Hale > Impaired > Debilitated


Special Abilities
-----------------

Attack flourish
	With your attack, you add stylish moves, entertaining quips, or a
	certain something that entertains or impresses others. One creature you
	choose within short range who can see you gains an asset to its next
	task if taken within a round or two. Enabler.

Find the way
	When you apply Effort to a navigation task because you don't know the
	way, are lost, are attempting to blaze a new route, need to choose
	between two or more otherwise similar paths to take, or something very
	similar, you can apply a free level of Effort. Enabler.

Tracker
	You are trained in following and identifying tracks. Enabler.

Practiced in armor
	You can wear armor for long periods of time without tiring and can
	compensate for slowed reactions from wearing armor. You reduce the Speed
	cost for wearing armor by 1. You start the game with a type of armor of
	your choice. Enabler.

Danger sense
	Costs 1 Speed point
	Your initiative task is eased. You pay the cost each time the ability is
	used. Enabler.


Skills
------

Climbing, jumping, running, and swimming (Trained)
	You're trained in all tasks involving climbing, jumping, running, and
	swimming.

Disguise (nature camouflage) (Trained)

Identifying or using natural plants (Trained)
	You're trained in all tasks involving identifying or using natural
	plants.

Sneaking (Trained)

Training, riding, or placating natural animals (Trained)
	You're trained in all tasks involving training, riding, or placating
	natural animals.

Light weapons (Practiced)
	Light Weapons

Medium weapons (Practiced)
	Medium Weapons

Charm, persuasion, etiquette, or deception (Inability)
	You have no social graces and prefer animals to people. Any task
	involving charm, persuasion, etiquette, or deception is hindered.

Heavy weapons (Inability)
	Heavy Weapons


Attacks
-------

Fast Punch
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A lightning left jab.

Spear
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.

Bow & Arrow
	A medium speed attack doing 4 damage at long distance.

Cyphers
-------
Limit: 2

Attractor (Level 8, Manifest)
	One unanchored item the user's size or smaller within long range (very
	long range if the cypher level is 8 or higher) is drawn immediately to
	them. This takes one round. The item has no momentum when it arrives.

Effort Enhancer (Combat) (Level 4, Subtle)
	For the next hour, the user can apply one free level of Effort to any
	task (including a combat task) without spending points from a Pool. The
	free level of Effort provided by this cypher does not count toward the
	maximum amount of Effort a character can normally apply to one task.
	Once this free level of Effort is used, the effect of the cypher ends.


Equipment
---------
Money: 0

- You carry an explorer's pack with rope, two days' rations, a bedroll, and
other tools needed for outdoor survival. Granted from Rugged.
- Light Leathers
- Bow & Arrow
- Stone Dagger

Advancements
------------
Tier: 1

[ ] Increase Capabilities
[ ] Move Toward Perfections
[ ] Extra Effort
[ ] Skill Training
[ ] Other


Background
----------
Explorer
You are a person of action and physical ability, fearlessly facing the unknown.
You travel to strange, exotic, and dangerous places, and discover new things.
This means you're physical but also probably knowledgeable. Although Explorers
can be academics or well studied, they are first and foremost interested in
action. They face grave dangers and terrible obstacles as a routine part of
life.

Rugged
You're a nature lover accustomed to living rough, pitting your wits against the
elements. Most likely, you're a skilled hunter, gatherer, or naturalist. Years
of living in the wild have left their mark with a worn countenance, wild hair,
or scars. Your clothing is probably much less refined than the garments worn by
city dwellers.

Hunts
You are a stalking hunter who excels at bringing down your selected quarry.

Background Connection
---------------------


Focus Connection
----------------


Notes
-----

Possible player intrusions based on your character type:
Fortuitous Malfunction
A trap or a dangerous device malfunctions before it can affect you.

Serendipitous Landmark
Just when it seems like the path is lost (or you are), a trail marker, a
landmark, or simply the way the terrain or corridor bends, rises, or falls away
suggests to you the best path forward, at least from this point.

Weak Strain
The poison or disease turns out not to be as debilitating or deadly as it first
seemed, and inflicts only half the damage that it would have otherwise.

Possible GM intrusion from your focus:
The quarry notices the character. The quarry isn't as vulnerable as it seemed.
