Warrior is a Vicious Warrior who Never Says Die in a Historical world
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Might:     ______ Pool: 16 Edge: 1 Defense: Practiced
Speed:     ______ Pool: 10 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Intellect: ______ Pool:  8 Edge: 0 Defense: Practiced
Initiative: Practiced

Effort: 1
Armor: 2
Experience Points: 0
        Alt Experience Points: 0

Recovery Roll: 1d6+1
	Rested > 1 Action > 10 Minutes > 1 Hour > 10 Hours

Damage Track:
	Hale > Impaired > Debilitated


Special Abilities
-----------------

Combat prowess
	You add +1 damage to one type of weapon attack of your choice: melee
	weapon attacks. Enabler.

Improved recovery
	Your ten-minute recovery roll takes only one action instead, so that
	your first two recovery rolls are one action, the third is one hour, and
	the fourth is ten hours. Enabler.

Practiced in armor
	You can wear armor for long periods of time without tiring and can
	compensate for slowed reactions from wearing armor. You reduce the Speed
	cost for wearing armor by 1. You start the game with a type of armor of
	your choice. Enabler.

Bash
	Costs 1 Might point
	This is a pummeling melee attack. Your attack inflicts 1 less point of
	damage than normal, but dazes your target for one round, during which
	time all tasks it performs are hindered. Action.

Push on through
	Costs 2 Might points
	You ignore the effects of terrain while moving for one hour. Enabler.

Berserk
	Once you begin fighting, it's hard for you to stop. In fact, it's a
	difficulty 2 Intellect task to do so, even if your foe surrenders or
	you've run out of foes. If the latter occurs and you fail to stop, you
	attack the nearest ally within short range.

Bloodthirsty
	Once you begin fighting, you see only red. You inflict 2 additional
	points of damage with any attack.


Skills
------

Climbing (Trained)

Running (Trained)

Tracking creatures (Trained)
	You are trained in tracking creatures. If a creature has wronged you,
	the tracking task is eased.

Heavy weapons (Practiced)
	Heavy Weapons

Light weapons (Practiced)
	Light Weapons

Medium weapons (Practiced)
	Medium Weapons


Attacks
-------

Stone Dagger
	A light speed attack eased by one step doing 3 damage.
	A light weapon of your choice. Granted from Starting Equipment.

Stone Axe
	A medium might attack doing 5 damage.

Punch
	A light might attack eased by one step doing 2 damage.
	A right jab.

Cyphers
-------
Limit: 2

Knowledge Enhancement (Level 1, Subtle)
	For the next day, the character has training in a predetermined skill
	(or two skills if the cypher is level 5 or higher). The skill could be
	anything (including something specific to the operation of a particular
	device), or roll a d100 to choose a common skill. (It is easy to get
	addicted to the quick hit of training that comes from knowledge
	enhancement cyphers. Characters who rely on them too often may find
	themselves at a disadvantage when they run out, presenting a great
	opportunity for GM intrusion.)
	Rolled a 46. Repairing (sometimes specific to one device).

Solvent (Level 3, Manifest)
	Dissolves 1 cubic foot of material each round. After one round per
	cypher level, the cypher becomes inert.


Equipment
---------
Money: 0

- Armor of your choice. Granted from Practiced In Armor.
- Bone Rattleshirt (Medium Armor)
- Stone Axe
- Stone Dagger

Advancements
------------
Tier: 1

[ ] Increase Capabilities
[ ] Move Toward Perfections
[ ] Extra Effort
[ ] Skill Training
[ ] Other


Background
----------
Warrior
You're a good ally to have in a fight. You know how to use weapons and defend
yourself. Depending on the genre and setting in question, this might mean
wielding a sword and shield in the gladiatorial arena, an AK-47 and a bandolier
of grenades in a savage firefight, or a blaster rifle and powered armor when
exploring an alien planet. Warriors are physical, action-oriented people.
They're more likely to overcome a challenge using force than by other means, and
they often take the most straightforward path toward their goals.

Vicious
You try to hide what's inside, fold it into yourself when everything inside you
screams to let go, make them pay, make them hurt, and make them bleed. Sometimes
you succeed for your friends-smiling like they smile, laughing when they laugh,
and sometimes even having other emotions of your own. But it's always there,
that feeling of frantic glee mixed with hate that sometimes leaps out of you
when you confront a foe. Violence your friends can tolerate, but you sometimes
worry they will also learn that you are cruel.

Never Says Die
You never quit, can shrug off a beating, and always come back for more.

Background Connection
---------------------


Focus Connection
----------------


Notes
-----

Possible player intrusions based on your character type:
Perfect Setup
You're fighting at least three foes and each one is standing in exactly the
right spot for you to use a move you trained in long ago, allowing you to attack
all three as a single action. Make a separate attack roll for each foe. You
remain limited by the amount of Effort you can apply on one action.

Old Friend
A comrade in arms from your past shows up unexpectedly and provides aid in
whatever you're doing. They are on a mission of their own and can't stay longer
than it takes to help out, chat for a while after, and perhaps share a quick
meal.

Weapon Break
Your foe's weapon has a weak spot. In the course of the combat, it quickly
becomes damaged and moves two steps down the object damage track.

Possible GM intrusion from your focus:
Sometimes, it's equipment or weapons that give out.
